== README

Tasks to complete:

Remember to take your time and correctly encapsulate your code, and make it as DRY as possible for potential future use.


* Create a rake task for importing the companies from the csv `bb_test/lib/data/company_data.csv`.

* Create an association "parent" on the company model, where a company can optionally have a parent company.

* Create a model `service`, that has the fields "name", "price" and "duration" that has a many to one relationship with companies, must belong to a company. Also, if the company is deleted, then the services should also be deleted.

* Create a rake task for importing the services from the csv `bb_test/lib/data/service_data.csv`

* Build an endpoint for creating a new company, and validate that the companies name is unique.

* Build an endpoint to get the services for a company, if the company has a parent it should return the services of the parent.

* Add logic that rejects requests with the appropriate HTTP status if they dont include an HTTP Header "App-Id" with the value "12345".

* Can you see any issues with code in V1::APICompany, and if so, how would you correctly handle the issue using correct HTTP API principles.

* Change the endpoint `http://localhost:3000/api/v1/1` to return all the properties of company.

* Write a test to ensure you API rejects requests that don't include the correct value in the HTTP Header "App-Id" and check the HTTP status code returned.

* A description of your approach to this problem, including any significant design decisions and your reasoning in making your choices. (This is the most important deliverable)

* If needed please provide information on all the steps needed to run the project.

Optional:

* Create a very simple SPA in AngularJS that consumes the api endpoint: It will show the list of the companies and selecting the company should show the services available
